>> Scott Moss: Let's
talk about Input Types.
So I've been talking
about these input types.
What are they?
How are they different?
They're literally just
like types of arguments.
That's it.
It's nothing special about them.
They work exactly the same way as types
do, except you can only use them for
arguments.
That is the only difference
between a type, and input type.
They follow the same rules,
they have fills that
will eventually resolve to scholars, and
you can always use this for arguments.
That's basically it.
All the fields on an input type,
eventually have to resolve into a scholar,
but they can also be other input types.
So, what does that mean.
Well, let's make it input type first.
So if we wanted to make an input type for
pets,
let's say we wanna be able to
pass in a filter for pets,
you can filter based off on the type and
the name for some reason.
I don't know,
you wanna be able to something like that.
So, first you would do is
the difference going to input type at
a type is instead of using the type
keyword, you use the input keyword.
And you would give it a name.
I have a convention that I
like to name all my inputs,
because they look very much like types.
And you could give them the same name of
a type, like I could call this input pet.
And this would work.
But isn't that confusing of a type
called pet input called pet,
you wouldn't know which ones which.
So always put the word input
after the name of my input, so
I know this is the input types so
I'll say like pet input, whatever input.
And then from there, it's,
it's the same thing as a type.
So, I wouldn't be able
to filter by a name.
So that's optional.
So I won't put an exclamation,
I want you to filter by a type.
And that's optional.
And so I won't put a string there,
or I won't put an exclamation.
And then inside of pets,
my other conventions I like to do is,
I always like to call my
arguments instead of passing in.
Multiple arguments like
this was just kind of
a pain when you get back
here to the resolvers.
I instead always just pass up one object,
and I always call it input, all right?
I always just call it input, and
you set it to whatever the input type is.
And if it's required,
you put a bang if not, you don't.
In this case, you don't have to
give me a filter if you don't want.
And then in your resolvers,
you always have this looks for input, and
it's always gonna be there.
That's it.
And that's because the name of the key,
of the arguments object in your resolvers
is the same name as the argument name.
And the arguments in the schema,
they match and in hand.
So pet inputs and
object does not have a name and a type.
And that's what this is gonna be,
inputs going to be an object
that has a name and a type.
This has passed through the client.
>> Scott Moss: So if I were to put
exclamation here, then I would,
the client would always have
to send me a pet input.
I could not do that, and
I could put one here.
And now the client can optionally
send me a pet input, but
when they do it better include a name,
or it's gonna break.
So there is a lot of different
scenarios you can do here,
to really figure out your input.
And again, your resolver is nobody.
So, there is no surprises.
You're good to go.
But these are some of
the conventions that I adopted,
because what happens is you start
to have a lot of crazy invitations.
People just start calling
these whatever they want,
and then you have all
these resolvers that.
I have like different names, and
it's like these words scenarios.
So I just decided to call it input and
keep it the same pass an object versus,
having a whole bunch of
other properties in here.
Like that.